[Doc] Add link to tool_choice tracking issue in tool_calling.md (#13003)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/source/features/tool_calling.md

# Tool Calling

> vLLM currently supports named function calling, as well as the `auto` and `none` options for the `tool_choice` field in the chat completion API. The `tool_choice` option `required` is **not yet supported** but [on the roadmap](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/issues/13002).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vLLM currently supports named function calling, as well as the `auto` and `none` options for the `tool_choice` field in the chat completion API. The `tool_choice` option `required` is **not yet supported** but [on the roadmap](gh-issue:13002).
```

We now have a shorthand to link to GitHub issues using `myst_url_schemes`
